(MARCOS) That's right. Come and
get it, you bug-eyed
bastards!
[battle cry]
(SHEILA) You see it?
That bright one that looks like
it's so close to us... that's
Mars. I hear everyone's moving
there soon...
Don't you ever wonder what it's
like?
(ALEX) Well, I guess it doesn't
look that bad, not that you can
tell that much from here.
(MARCOS) Whatever it's like,
it's gotta be better than this
dead-end town.
(SHEILA) One day... I'll go.
[crowd yelling and cheering]
(MARCOS) Hey, Alex? Shouldn't we
at least say goodbye?
(ALEX) It was our own dads who
burned the mansion down. And
over wages!
Thanks to them, Sheila's got
nothing now.
Guess it all comes down to...
greed.
[heavy breathing]
(MARCOS) [grunts of pain]
I hurt... everywhere.
(ALEX) I think my collarbone's
broken.
Damn... It's the same everywhere
you go... violence...
prejudice...poverty...
Yeah... Mars is looking pretty
good.
(ALEX / MARCOS) Aw, Come on!
Please, we're begging you... let
us stay!... We've got nowhere
else to go!...
C'mon, please? We're not going
anywhere till we see your
boss! Humph!
(SHOKICHI) What's going on out
here?
Oh, Captain Komachi. These
guys just showed up begging to
enlist.
Oh, volunteers, eh?
(SHEILA) Uh, excuse me?
Huh?
Am I too early for the next
interviews? [gasp]
Huh? [gasp]
(ALEX) Sheila! You're here?!
(MARCOS) Holy crap, it's you!...
Aw, come here, let me pinch
you, see if you're real...
(SHEILA) Hey, watch your hands!
Hey!
(MARCOS) And just like that, she
accepted us. She didn't even
hesitate... I respected her so
much for that...
I don't think I could've done
it..
I wanna be more like her.
05 EXCEPTIONAL TWO
(NARRATOR) Preying mostly on
cockroaches, the huntsman spider
has thrived and spread across
the globe.
Fine hairs on its body can
detect subtle movements,
allowing it to precisely
locate its prey.
[grunt]
[grunts and punches]
It impales and tears...
...then devours
[grunts and yells]
It remains ready at all times,
when feeding or at rest, to
unleash a ferocious attack on
anything that approaches.
All I wanted was for her to be
happy.
(SHEILA) [giggling]
But then money got in the way,
And I lost that smiling face
forever!
[heavy breathing]
(NARRATOR) Though a fierce
hunter,
the huntsman spider has
imited stamina and must recover
its strength before ambushing
its next victim.
[grunting]
Uh... Captain! Guys, I-...
thanks for the help.
We can't risk destroying the
virus samples living inside the
terraformars. We need to capture
as many of them as we can...
alive.
[grunt]
Marcos!
See that these roaches are left
a twisted pile of antennae.
We'll collect the ones still
hissing afterwards.
Yes sir!
Just try and run, filthy
bastards.
[grunting]
[grunts and struggling]
[head-butt]
(SHICHISEI) The captain of the
Bugs 2 mission was Donatello
K. Davis...
His post-Bugs Procedure alter
ego was: Paraponera clavata,
a killer ant capable of lifting
almost one hundred times its
own weight.
Scientists thought they'd played
a clever trick on Mother
Nature.
Genetic transmission of
these powers was supposed to
be impossible.
But then, turns out, Mother
Nature wanted to play along.
His unique abilities... were
passed down.
Extraordinary. Passed down to
whom?
The leader of the Japan/U.S.
Squad 2... Michelle K. Davis.
The captain's...?
(SHICHISEI) Her unique powers
are twofold... There's the
ability she inherited from her
father...
One... Two... Three... Four...
(SHICHISEI) namely, the strength
of the Paraponera.
Then there's the ability she
gained from the Mosaic Organ
procedure... also an insect
type.
Woah...
What kind of bug does that?
(NARRATOR) In the twentieth
century, scientists in Malaysia
discovered an ant with a bizarre
form of defense...
It commited suicide by
explosion.
[grunts]
[grunts and heavy breathing]
Lame... these guys die way too
fast.
(NARRATOR) A rare species, it
was nicknamed the blast ant.
(SHICHISEI) These abilities can
be passed on.
When I observed
another youth's skills during
his training, that's when I
was certain of it.
These two are our greatest
strength... and our best hope...
[chuckle]
Michelle K. Davis and that kid
Akari Hizamaru.
[gasp]
Is he there now?... On Mars?
( SHICHISEI) I'm starting to
think there's a lot more
you're not telling me.
Actually, on second thought,
there's something I have to tell
you first...
We needed a strong military
presence on Mars.
We needed all the top-ranked
Japanese officers we could
get... Because if something were
to happen up there...
(AKARI) Alex, stand guard on top
of the escape vehicle.
No problem, you got it.
As for these three... they're
all mine.
It's strange...
When these spontaneous mutations
strike... emotions of rage and
terror possess me... My non-
humanness breaks through...
But with the serum...
[deep breaths in and out]
...everything becomes clear and
the world comes into focus. It's
like emerging from a
chrysalis... I have no fear!
That was for all the people who
never made it off that ship.
And this ...
is for pissing of Michelle...
with that rank breath of yours!
But I'm not gonna kill you and
there's a reason why...
(AKARI) Mars huh?
You'll catch a cold.
(SAKURATO) Can I-... can I see
that doll?
(AKARI) Oh, uh, sure.
Awww, it's fallin' apart.
Shouldn't you be at home?
This hospital is my home.
My name's Sakarato.
Sakarato Harukaze... I'm ten.
I'm Akari Hizamaru, I'm twenty.
Woah, Akari... that's a cool
name, I like it!
Yours is cool too.
[chuckle]
Uh...so... why are you in the
hospital Sakurato?
Simple reason. No one in Japan
was able to fix me, so I had
to move here.
uh... [gasp]
(SAKURATO) Akari?
Sorry, I've got be going. Thanks
for this!
uh?
What about... this?
(AKARI) Catch you later,
Sakarato!
[disappointed grunt]
(AKARI) That's one down.
Who's next?
I see it.
(SAKURATO) I know what's wrong,
Akari.
You're starting to get nervous
about the mission.
Yeah right. Guess again, kiddo.
I couldn't be more ready!
[giggle] Alright, if you say so!
But, aren't you forgettin'
somethin'?
(AKARI) huh?
Hey... you fixed it!
(SAKURATO) I'm good at stuff
like that. Is it from your
girlfriend?
(AKARI) Uh, something like
that.
(SAKURATO) Knew it! Is she gonna
come see you off?
No, she's waiting for me back
in Japan.
(SAKURATO) Oh, I see.
I'm kinda jealous, because I
probably won't ever get to see
you again.
All I can do... is hope that
somebody will be able to fix me
too... if that's possible.
(MICHELL) So, you met one of the
patients.
I know this sounds harsh, but
you really shouldn't get their
hopes up.
[gasp]
It's gonna get better. You're
gonna be fine.
Huh?
That's why we're going to Mars,
to find things, organisms Earth
doesn't have.
We're gonna find a cure for what
you've got!
Really?
So, Sakurato, what's the first
thing you want to do when you're
all better?
I want... french fries!
Lot's of 'em!
(AKARI) Okay! You got it!
Biggest size they have! What
else?
mmm...
Karate lessons! I want to be a
fighter too!
You bet! I'll even show you some
secret techniques.
[gasp] The seaside!
(AKARI) Alright!
...and then go to a major league
ball game...
and then pizza... pepperoni....
(MICHELLE) Even if we are able
to return with samples of the
virus... there's no guarantee we
can make an antidote in time.
(SAKURATO) Oh! I know! When I
get back to Japan, I'm gonna eat
lots of sushi!
[gasp, grunt]
Huh?
(AKARI) Have hope... It may seem
like a small, distant hope
right now, but this time we'll
find something.
Hold on to this for me... You
can give it to me when I get
back.
[chuckle]
(AKARI) I promise... I'll put an
end to all this suffering.
Just leave this to me!
That's two in the bag! Next!
I can barely see it, but that's
definitely--...
a thread!... But Akari's no
spider... he injected the
serum... he must be an insect
type.
and those antennae... a moth?
(AKARI) Three terraformar
spamples captured!
[sigh of relief]
[sigh] So we snagged three of
them alive. Well, the new guy
did.
(SHICHISEI) As I said, that
species of insect is rare.
The surgery
would have been unthinkable
twenty years ago....
But knowing his
success rate would be as high as
Michelle K. Davis's,
we went ahead and performed the
surgery on Akari Hizamaru .
He is a powerful asset for us.
And wi be... not just on Mars,
but far into the future.
There's the first batch.
(YAEKO) Okay! Next up!
[sigh] Man, am I glad I got out
of that job.
Damn... looks like things turned
out alright, didn't they?
Hey. Our squad has secured the
water site, right?
Yeah.
(AKARI) It's essentially the
same as the water on Earth...
thawing out the soil made quite
a lake, didn't it?
[sigh] Go call the others.
Right.
Damn. That disgusting shit got
all over me.
Ah?! [heavy breathing]
What are you staring at, perv?
Uh?! [catching himself]
Nothing, ma'am. Sorry, ma'am!
Huh?
Alex--!
[gasps and grunts]
Michelle!
[grunts and heavy breathing]
Hang on, I'm coming--!
No, idiot, you're job's to
protect the others--!
[grunt]
Damn it--!
[gasp] Everyone--!... Alex!
(MICHELLE) What happens to me
doesn't matter, Akari... you
make a good subordinate.
Keep 'em safe up there.
to be continued
06 2 MINUTES